>> Steve Kinney: We got our little
hugging face token set up for
those keeping track at home.
It lives right in secrets.
That's where the switch is.
If you jump to another one,
they're like, you don't have a token.
You just flip that switch on.
They'll actually say,
do you want it granted access?
And everything will be easy and great.
But if you're curious where it is,
that's where it is.
And so the first thing that we had here,
where we pulled in two libraries.
One honestly, so
I can just clear the console.
That's what this one is.
But the kind of more interesting one that
we're going to play around with is from
the Transformers, which is a library
from our friends at Hugging Face.
We're going to pull in
the pipeline function.
If you are normally somebody who
writes JavaScript TypeScript,
it's just backwards from
what you're used to.
You would probably do import,
react from React or whatever.
This case is the other way.
It's the second part of ES module import,
but this time it's written this way.
Cool.
With these pipelines,
we can do all the things that
we saw in those slides earlier.
We can do our text generation,
we can do our sentiment analysis.
We can do all those fun things.
What a pipeline basically is,
it's an abstraction where it will grab
all the various pieces that you need.
It will take the text,
it will tokenize it.
You're like, what is tokenization?
That's why we're starting
with the pipeline,
because I will show you
tokenization a little bit.
It will then turn it into the embeddings.
It will then feed it to the model.
It will then take out the results.
It will turn it back into text.
So a pipeline is effectively a bunch
of other smaller pieces that we'll take
a look at later.
All made easy for you.
What the hugging face library will do
is effectively just pull down that open
source model for you, download it.
If you're doing it locally on your
machine into some dot directory,
I forget exactly what it is, but various
different tools will put it somewhere in
your home directory somewhere and just get
everything set up for you super easily.
Right?
Could you do all of this without
hugging a face?
Absolutely.
You could do it and
you'd go and you'd download.
It's the same way as you could
use git without GitHub as well.
Right?
That doesn't mean you want to,
it just means that you can.
And there's nothing necessarily special or
hugging space specific about
anything we're talking about today.
Just as when we pull down Git repos or
use NPM or what have you,
there's nothing necessarily
specific about any of those tools.
They just make our life
a little bit easier so
that we can focus on the important parts.
So all the things we talked about earlier
are the things we're going to play around
with today.
So we'll play around with some sentiment
analysis through text generation,
some question answering, and we'll talk
about how that's different than what you
might think with something like ChatGPT,
and we'll see all of those as well.
And then we'll kind of jump into
stuff like tokenization and
other fun stuff like that
at some point as well.
So like I said, the hello world of
all of this machine learning stuff,
the easiest thing to do is
sentiment analysis, right?
And like I said, it has all the downsides
of it doesn't really do all the stuff that
Transformers do that we're now taking for
granted with a lot of
the tools that we use.
But that's like the next example.
So we'll start to kind of
see how that stuff works.
But it's a great way to at least wrap our
head around how this little abstraction
that we'll pull down the model,
take care of the tokenization,
take care of the embeddings,
convert it all back into stuff.
We can read how that library works,
which is this first part right here.
So we have this pipeline function and
the argument we're going to give this one
is like, hey,
we're going to do sentiment analysis.
This kind of piece that you see over here,
which is again,
if you know TypeScript or JavaScript
a little bit better than Python,
this is like if you had like a argument
that was an object with a bunch
of properties that you're deconstructing
into the named arguments.
So like one could squint and
probably turn that into JavaScript
in their brains fairly easily.
And that is effectively a theme.
Like these are called lists in Python.
They look like arrays, so on and so forth.
You do not need to know a lot of
Python to play along today, okay?
In fact, you can omit the model if
you want for any given basic thing
that we're going to do like
the sentiment analysis text generation,
there is a very small,
lightweight default model that exists.
You will get a warning of.
You didn't specify a model.
We are going to then
default to this model.
So you can omit this.
You could literally say
pipeline sentiment analysis.
And all of a sudden.
And again, this works in the TypeScript
SDK just as well as it does in
the Python one.
You could just say pipeline, sentiment
analysis and all of a sudden you have
a function that will take strings and
do sentiment analysis.
That is effectively again
what the abstraction,
the hugging face is giving us.
It's not necessarily doing anything
you couldn't do yourself, but
it is making it way easier than
spending the first half of our day
downloading things off the Internet and
putting them in the right folders.
Once we do that, we got this pipeline.
We can do sentiment analysis.
I have various strings of text
that I wrote that should.
Theoretically you could probably do
the sentiment analysis in your head of how
they should rate.
And that's the idea is like
we should be able to see.
And then all we're going to do is again,
we had that.
We have that sentiment analyzer, which
is effectively a function at this point.
We feed it the text and the first
thing in the responses is the result.
Which point we're going to look
at the label and the score.
Let's go ahead.
We'll hit this little play sign and
one, it's going to go ahead and
it's going to download that model.
Part of the reason that we chose small
lightweight models is because I'm
impatient and
could you download a 22 gigabyte model?
In fact, you could download it to
Colab because you have a quarter
terabyte of space.
Do I want to wait for that?
No.
So I wouldn't even say it's about our WI
fi because it's actually all happening on
Google servers.
So what happens is it goes ahead,
it pulls down this distilbert
based on case fine tune
sentiment analysis for English.
And then we will take our very
small array of strings and
we'll run each one through and then you
can see that it will take each string and
we have that label and
the result and it will give it a.
Not only does it think it's positive or
negative,
it will go ahead and give it a score.
Now obviously there
are some downsides here.
It's not super good at sarcasm,
as we mentioned earlier.
So we could do something
like we can add one more.
It's the best thing since.
Awesome.
What's your least favorite programming
language and why?
Is it Perl?
>> Austin: Yeah, Perl's up there.
I'll say C.
>> Steve Kinney: C.
It's the best thing since C.
What I gathered from the tone of
Austin's voice is he didn't mean that.
Right?
And yet it got a confidence of 1.0,
100% confidence that that
was a positive statement.
Right?
Because sentiment analysis is not doing
the stuff that we will talk about
later to try to figure out.
Figure out.
I mean, this is one string of text, like,
I don't know, you know,
you need a little more context to
figure out that that was salty.
But you know, you get the basic
idea that like it's not a.
It's not a perfect tool.
Right.
>> Austin: Could just be wrong.
>> Steve Kinney: Could just be wrong.
To be clear, there's somebody who truly
believes that, you know what I mean?
I just hope they're not watching,
otherwise I'll get an email.
But yeah, so that is the.
Again, send it now is a good hello world.
Because it is also does my thing work?
So if you ran that and you see the output,
we're in good shape for
probably a good portion of the day
until we switch over to images and
then we play with GPUs and everything
becomes new and different again.
So some models have a neutral category.
This kind of base one does not.
This model, like the default model,
works best with English.
So obviously if you hand
it a bunch of German,
you will not get probably
accurate results.
So there are things that you need
to consider, so on and so forth.
Right?
So here's like the ones I had ready to go.
Like it thinks this is negative.
It's not.
Now there are other models, there are
bigger models that maybe have a little bit
more like dimensionality to them
where you can do that stuff.
So model selection in a lot of cases and
what model you choose of
the like many thousands insofar
that people can just fork one and
push one up,
probably millions at this point.
I don't know,
we'll have some of those things.
But you always play a game which is do
some of the more sophisticated models that
maybe can do like neutral sentiment.
Yeah, but at what cost, right?
Like are they bigger, so on and
so forth, are they slower?
You play the game of what you're looking
for at this point, for right now, for
the simplest thing,
where we're just trying to see if our
setup works, I went for fast and easy.
Right?
What you're looking for
might be different.
Okay, so with that, if no one's
complaining my thing doesn't work,
then we know.
>> Speaker 3: I had a question
just about sentiment analysis.
Is it always on a scale from
positive to negative or
can you use other describing
words like angry versus sad.
Or something like that?
>> Steve Kinney: I think most of the
sentiment analysis ones that I played with
have positive, negative and
some have neutral.
But there is also when we get to
stuff like the classification,
when you want to have labels and
stuff like that.
That is usually what I have
traditionally used that for.
So there might be some models that can
do that, but I have always reached for
a slightly different tool
when it comes to that.